---
name: Harry
intro: Harry Shotta Bio
image: ../../images/artists/harry.png
social:
  facebook: https://facebook.com/test
  instagram: https://instagram.com/test
  twitter: https://twitter.com/test
  youtube: https://youtube.com/test
---

“If success is rewarded by hunger and hard work then it will come as no surprise that Harry Shotta
is now recognized as one of the most gifted, prolific and versatile MC’s in the UK”.

Following his rapid rise in the Drum and Bass scene, he has won three awards including Best Lyrical
MC and built up a massive live presence all over the globe. Harry is now one of the most booked MCs
in the UK and overseas, with shows in Canada, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Belgium, Paris,
Amsterdam, Russia and Barcelona.

He is approaching 5 million views on his You Tube Channel ‘Harryshotshot’ whilst The Official Harry
Shotta Fan Page and his Twitter are both growing fast with over 33,000 followers on Twitter and
40,000 likes on Facebook. His Sound Cloud page has been attracting an incredible amount of traffic
throughout 2014, as Harry upped his work rate delivering four new Drum N Bass mixtapes to his
worldwide audience. With regular uploads the site will soon hit one million plays.

Harry in the dubzoneWith a lifelong passion and desire to push his mic skills, Harry Shotta has won
tremendous respect for his natural talent. He has hit a massive audience with regular appearances on
Radio 1, 1xtra and Kiss and cutting edge Internet music channels such as SBTV. He also recently
delivered the first ever Drum N Bass Fire In The Booth on Charlie Sloth’s Radio One Rap Show. Harry
continues to have a massive impact and influence in the Urban scene with legendary performances on
SBTV, JDZ Media, P110, GRM Daily, Link Up TV and Fire in the Booth with Charlie Sloth on Radio 1. He
has collaborated with a slew of producers and artists across the Hip Hop, DNB and Grime scenes and
was the only DNB MC included in 1xtra’s Ten Plus performance at Maida Vale.

Harry’s legendary 52 week run on DJ Semtex’s show on 1xtra where he flipped the news into Rap each
week, built into the Shotta machine an incredible discipline to write new and entertaining lyrics.
With a ferocious appetite to write new material Harry wrote a batch of songs that would be released
through SBTV as the ‘Twelve Months’ mixtape. As all the tracks were actually written in a twelve
month cycle this was an ideal platform for his debut book ‘Twelve Months’ where he explored in a
deeper sense the eighteen tracks that were recorded. The book immediately became a best seller in
the Amazon Hip Hop charts and went to number three in the I Books Music charts.

In recent times it became noticeable to Harry that music lovers are not so regimented to one style
of any genre but enjoy a mixture of the latest underground sounds. With this in mind and with so
many accolades for his musical dexterity to rap over any musical style he began to develop a live
show that would incorporate the hottest styles of underground music into one powerful performance.
Working alongside DJ Phantasy and the young and energetic Fatez, ‘the Harry Shotta Show’ was
launched at top DNB events and was so well received that further bookings followed. 2014 saw some
great shows with highlight performances at the 02 Venue with Charlie Sloth and the main stage at
West Fest. To support the shows and showcase the diversity of club music who can expect to hear at
festival bookings the ‘HSS’ album is in production with a release date .......
